Reviews core terms (#1794)
temporalio/documentation: docs/java/workflows.md

Workflow interface methods must have one of the following annotations:

- **@WorkflowMethod** denotes the starting point of Workflow Execution. Workflow Execution completes when this methods returns.
- **@SignalMethod** indicates that this method is a signal handler method and that it can react to external signals. It can have parameters which can contain the signal payload. It does not return a value, so it must have a `void` return type.
- **@QueryMethod** indicates that this method can be used to query the Workflow's state at any time during its execution.

>   It can have parameters which can be used to filter a subset of the Workflow's state that it returns. Since it does return a value it must have a non `void` return type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It can have parameters that can be used to filter a subset of the Workflow's state that it returns.
  Because it does return a value, it cannot have a `void` return type.
```

### Java Child Workflow API

`Workflow.newChildWorkflowStub` returns a client-side stub that implements a Child Workflow interface.

> It takes a Child Workflow Type and optional Child Workflow options as arguments. Workflow options can be used
> to set timeout, retry options, and task queue settings for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It takes a Child Workflow Type and optional Child Workflow options as arguments.
Workflow options can be used to set Timeouts, retry options, and Task Queue settings, for example.
```

> Note that by default a Child Workflow inherits the Workflow options of its parent. You can however overwrite these
> by passing in custom Workflow options when creating the child Workflow stub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a Child Workflow inherits the Workflow options of its parent.
You can, however, overwrite these default options by passing in custom Workflow options when creating the Child Workflow stub.
```

> The first call to the child Workflow stub must always be its Workflow method (method annotated with `@WorkflowMethod`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first call to the Child Workflow stub must always be its Workflow method (the method annotated with `@WorkflowMethod`).
```

String result = workflow.yourMethod();
```

> Another way to connect to an existing Workflow and wait for its completion from another process is to use
> `UntypedWorkflowStub`, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way to connect to an existing Workflow and wait for its completion from another process is to use `UntypedWorkflowStub`.
For example:
```

Temporal SDK allows you to manually use [Continue-As-New](/concepts/what-is-continue-as-new) in a number of ways:

> If you are continuing execution of the same Workflow that is currently running you can do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are continuing execution of the same Workflow that is currently running, you can do the following:
```

continueAsNew.greet(input);
```

> This allows you to continue Workflow Execution as a new Workflow run with a different Workflow Type,
> and on a different Task Queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows you to continue Workflow Execution as a new Workflow run with a different Workflow Type and on a different Task Queue.
```

> Another way to deal with the execution history size limits is to use Child Workflows, however

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way to deal with the Event History size limits is to use Child Workflows; however,
```
